and welcome back to a fresh episode
of the business growth show delighted to
be joined by
jason jokes today jason's the managing
director
over at lead genera they harness the
latest technologies and strategies
in the web development digital and in
our marketing space to help
businesses grow jason a warm welcome my
friend how's it going square
hi sam very very well thanks and thanks
very much for having me on looking
forward to uh chatting to you and
digging into lead generation today yeah
we're going to be digging deep
all into how we can lower our lead
generation
costs but most importantly not scrape on
scrimp and scrape when it comes to the
quality because i'm sure a lot of people
tuning in i thought
that's all well and good sam and jason
but i know damn well if i try and get
um volume when it comes to leads if i
try and lower that ad spend
then i know i'm just gonna on the back
end gonna get some terrible quality
leads but we're gonna be
showing some some different ways on how
we can approach that but
perhaps to start the conversation jason
why is it
so important the businesses marketers
or anyone really has it as a solid lead
generation framework
it's a very good question um and as
you've highlighted lead costs
are very much related to that i mean
with a lead gen
framework and what we mean is you know
leaving no stones unturned so
there's a lot of questions to be asked
when somebody needs leads generating
for example what do you hope to
accomplish what's the main reason and
goal for generating leads for your
business
you know how are you going to measure
success is one of the ultimate questions
um you know challenges need to be
discussed what challenges have you
currently faced in your lead generation
journey
what challenges do you have in your lead
generation process is there any
blockages
is there any anything else that
complements this process that needs
attention
uh you know you've got to look at how
many visits a website might be getting
how many leads it converts into how many
new customers come at the end of that
and are your customers promoting your
products and services you know because
that's another good way to to get more
out of your um
data but it's ultimately extremely
important to have a framework so
you know what you're trying to achieve
how you're trying to achieve it
and you can actually measure the whole
process yeah
yeah yeah so it sounds like that's key
really just understanding what's going
on
being able to measure everything you're
doing right now
and i suppose understanding where you
actually want to get to with it
because it's all good being able to
generate leads but i suppose before you
actually
go into strategies whether they are
digital
whether utilizing existing customers
where they're offline
understanding what a decent need looks
like to you right
what kind of lead volumes you need to
hit your sales targets as in how many
they're going to convert so
it sounds like you need to really kind
of think about these these things on
before you dig into actually investing
money or investing your marketing team's
time and efforts right
that's right and you can obviously get a
very big head start
by talking to a client by digging into
their processes and
sometimes it might not be a case they
need more leads you know there's been
some examples we've worked with at lead
genera
where you know they're bottom bottoming
out the market nationwide there are no
more leads
it would seem that they could get on a
daily weekly monthly basis
and then you've got to look at you know
this is still within the lead generation
space you've got to look at maybe we
could convert more of the leads you're
currently getting you know what if we
took
if there's a thousand leads and you you
add a you know
half a percent onto their one percent
conversion rate of all company leads
that's quite a sizable number and a good
uplift compared to for example having to
i don't know drive 50 000 more
individual users as traffic
um it could be easier to address what's
going on at the bottom of the funnel
you know what are you doing with
customers what's your follow-up process
and how are you treating people
fundamentally yeah yeah yeah
that makes that makes perfect sense in
terms of looking at what's already going
on
if you are capping out the market and
then little little ways which perhaps we
can get into later in the show of how to
maximize the leads you're already
getting
um but i want to jump in because i know
you've got a strategy for us jase
in terms of how we're going to be able
to generate leads
perhaps a fraction of a cost or perhaps
even just save a little bit on what
we're investing already
so yeah go ahead man give us give us
some initial ideas we'll
riff from there brilliant thank you so
the the key buzzword here is
lead magnets and it's a very interesting
topic
and what a lead magnet is is simply
something you're giving to users
in exchange for their details their
credentials so this is where the
transaction begins
if you want to look at it as a funnel
this would be the top of the funnel so
how are you going to market what are you
offering to people how are people coming
across your product
and you let's put a lead magnet in the
place let's say it's the top 10 tips on
how to generate hotter leads for your
business
when you front load with a lead magnet
you place yourself as an authority
you build trust um you know you bring
your lead costs down ultimately because
you're generating a cheaper data
audience by giving them a download
you're not asking for a direct
lead conversion to sale you're just
simply asking for an email address
in exchange for an ebook that you might
have given someone
now this is a great way to develop
firstly a cheap audience
and secondly a really highly relevant
audience
and for future targeting for retargeting
and so on
the concept being you know someone that
isn't interested in lead generation
they're not going to download
an ebook that's to do strictly with lead
generation so
it's a good way of filtering people it's
a good way of relating to your audience
placing yourself an authority as i say
um and further down the funnel you know
you've got a lot of data to work with
then you've got
different pools of people you know maybe
you can retarget to the people that have
downloaded it re-target to people that
haven't downloaded it but have engaged
with it
so you start to develop these different
methods strategies
messages for each type of person that's
engaged with your lead magnet
and that's where it gets really
interesting because you can actually
start to play with your data
refine refine your message refine your
targeting
and hit them in a more personal way nice
and that's that's a great starting point
so what we're talking about
and perhaps we could spend a little bit
of time thinking about the initial
magnet itself what we could put together
and then
how we can then take that from just
being a guide
and get it in getting it in front of the
people we want our ideal buyers really
our customers
the people we want to grab the details
of work them through the funnel and
eventually bring them into
whether it's a sales conversation or
whether it's actually buying our stuff
whatever
our end goal is we've got in mind so you
and i
you touched on it just now jay so in
terms of actually this guy so
you mentioned 10 top tips but let's say
for example's sake i don't know we're
selling i don't use crm software because
i always bloody say that for some reason
um let's see let's say we're we're doing
i don't know sales consultancy
um let's say we're a self sales training
business um
what could we perhaps put as a guide and
what should be some of the first things
that come into our mind
and this is this is it i mean it all
begins with asking the right questions
to get the right answers so
who is the target audience here as a
sales consultant do you want to connect
with people that need your coaching
services
or do you want to connect with ceos in
business that need to train their sales
teams
again going back to the framework asking
all the correct questions
you can start to develop a strategy for
how to put this together so
let's take the example if you want to
connect with ceos and train
perhaps ceos to train their sales team
or even
you know sales managers what are the key
problems they face and what are the key
problems sales teams face
and if you can ask these questions and
get on a keyword basis
you know things people are frequently
typing into a search engine
verify this information is popular
that's where you begin
you know that that's how you get people
engaging um
out of every say five clicks you can
have four people going forward and
downloading your lead magnet because
it's highly relevant it's highly
targeted
and it's offering to solve a pain
problem uh you know when people are
scrolling past it's hard not to download
something for free
that offers to just quickly solve
something for you so that's the premise
on step one
got it so understand what people are
searching for are there any tools that
you recommend
jason that people should perhaps look at
if they're thinking of
doing that if they want to do a bit of
research before they actually put
together the guide
i think there's there's several ways you
can do it and
on a on a very raw basis you can look in
facebook groups you can look online
you can start to you know you could even
host a poll
in someone else's group get their
permission actually ask people what they
might want to know about that's a great
way to get feedback from the market
it's going to be highly relevant and
it's going to be very fresh
another way using programs like ahrefs
uh which i'm sure you're familiar with
sam it's more on the seo kind of side of
life
in the digital space but using that to
you know see what keywords are popular
is is it sales consultancy that people
are typing in or is it sales training
you know which of these keywords gets
more hits and that's a good starting
point
where there is traffic where there is a
trend and you can actually join the
trends there
and kind of leverage what's already on
display excuse me
gotcha okay so that's going to give us
some ideas for what we want to tap into
in terms of perhaps what people are
searching for and then i mean
is 10 tips a general framework that
tends to work from your experience chase
or is there
other things we should think about when
it comes to actually putting the content
together for the guide itself
um any other things we should bear in
mind when we're actually putting the
guide and then we'll get to how we can
market it and get it in front of our
customers
absolutely so to take it back into kind
of a funnel process
which would be you know step one how are
you attracting people step two how are
you engaging with people
step three how are you delighting them
how are you making them become a
customer and then keeping them
um and to to work out how an ebook fits
into that you know
top 10 tips and top five tips they're
very easy to write they're very familiar
and they're kind of limited people know
they're not downloading a
scroll in a tapestry they're downloading
a very short list of 10 items
that might or might not help it so it's
not too much with commitment for people
and it hits nail and head the other side
of it would be tackle pain points
you know if someone let's let's say you
were doing it for
the debt industry you know what is the
problem here why
why would people download this what
problem do they have do they not know
who to talk to
are they feeling like they don't have
the information are they feeling like
they're too overwhelmed
and you can tackle these points to
immediately be relatable
uh you know it generates content and
things for you to talk about
and again it places you as an authority
so people have trust in your brand
they're therefore more likely to
potentially purchase from you or become
a lead
while it's indirect um you know it's a
tried and tested
proven method that that really does work
so i'd suggest
everyone to certainly give it a go yeah
so it sounds like from what you've said
there's a range of ways we can do it
whether it's looking at facebook groups
whether it's
perhaps thinking about problems that
people come to us existing customers
whether it's doing research on other
tools
and then we can put that into a top five
tips top 10 tips whatever we want to do
to
let you say help help people trust in us
provide a free resource that's
ultimately going to help you whoever
enjoys it whoever consumes the content
all right so we've got our guide we've
done a bit of initial upfront research
what comes next sir do we just get it to
market do we just chuck a grand and
google ads check around in facebook ads
then we're good as gold or is there a
bit more to it
well this is it i mean if you did that
you just end up with let's say a
thousand leads
that have downloaded your ebook and
you've just cost yourself let's say
between a thousand pound
three thousand pounds to give away a
thousand copies of this this ebook
that's not very good for business that's
not sustainable um
it's not very wise at the end of the day
so you have to
go into this with a strategy and it's
all about the follow-up so
from the moment they give you their
email you know
where are they downloading the ebook
from are you going to give it to them on
the page or you're going to take the
opportunity to begin that transactional
conversation
with follow-up email you know the second
they hit download you could say on this
on the thank you screen
check your email for your free ebook or
whatever you're proposing to give them
then you're already in their inbox
there's familiarity if it did go into
the spam folder they'll
take out the spam folder to find it and
you capture them in that moment and
so i think that's really important um
you know following up with people
not just once i think in the sales world
there's a
saying some people would call it eight
steps some people call it 12 steps
there's 12 interactions required
in the follow-up process to close a deal
so yeah i mean
following up with people and then
re-targeting people
you know for all the people that didn't
then request a call back for the phase
two for the actual
reason you're doing the campaign all the
people that don't request call back
that's your data pool these are the
people we now target you know
what have we told them where's their
head at and how can we get them on the
phone to us
basically okay and
are there any things we should consider
and i appreciate this is going to vary
just depending on whether we're
using certain platforms so defending
whether we're
i guess directing people from perhaps a
mailing list to this ebook or whether
we're pointing people from our own site
or whether we're doing something like
facebook ads or google ads or perhaps
you can share with us
what you recommend as a starting point
and also
and again this is going to vary from
from vertical depending on what industry
we're in
if we should or how we should go about
actually
directing the i guess the ads or
whatever form of media that's going to
point people to
this book itself are other things we
should consider before we even get to
that process of
the follow-up of getting them to
obviously grab grab a copy of the guide
and then follow up with them absolutely
i think it's certainly worthwhile
considering again the whole process from
start to finish what's your end result
here
why are we doing this and what do we
want and in most cases
people want to generate leads to make
revenue to make sales to make customers
and so you can reverse engineer back
from that
if you for example need 50 more
customers or 15
more customers which is also very
important bit of information to know
and again why do you need these leads
linking back to the framework
this gives you a great indication of
where to start you know
when you start to put together the ebook
that might inspire your marketing team
to say hey look
there's tons of content we can lift out
here we can do an organic campaign
to channel people in from organic
channels and let's have our own landing
page so we know
every time a lead lands through this
form it must have been organic we can
track it as quantifiable
and the same for you know paid ads
platforms there's tons of them out there
and different ones work better for
different industries
different types of ads so we're very big
on facebook advertising we're a facebook
marketing partner and we're also very
big on the google ads platform
the search and display platform both of
these platforms i mean
it can be very expensive to generate an
audience or to find where your niche
audience is that actually converts and
buys your product so
what we tend to do at least general
we'll we'll use facebook to develop our
audiences
if we can use a lead magnet an ebook a
download something like that we'll
certainly do that
and front load with that and we'll
follow it up immediately with a
retargeting campaign so people that
have clicked it and downloaded it
they'll get one message
you know you've downloaded you could be
direct to people you've downloaded our
ebook why not give
get on the phone to us we can do xyz and
all the people that haven't downloaded
it there's a different message there so
you know all of these different steps of
the funnel all have their own
branches into how you could kind of
supplement them or complement them
with the rest of your business it's not
a grab and smash it's a
whole inbound methodology here to kind
of think about
um yeah yeah yeah so we're digging
deeper
into what this looks like so i know from
your set you've certainly got solid
expertise as i know you've helped us
over the years with facebook campaigns
and um i've had a couple one or two
facebook experts on here and i always
like to challenge them
um because i know dan well that in most
industries
you can set up google ads if you want a
short term hit of leads
and i know that if we bring it back to
the sales training example if someone
was
searching for maybe sales training
consultancy there was an ad there i know
that that person's got relevant
or pretty high intent because they're
searching for on google the chances are
they probably want the service if they
click an ad
it takes them to a landing page or home
page if they need it bad enough they're
probably going to inquire
whereas facebook is press
perhaps and feel free to correct me is
perhaps less into high intent
because it's more so if you're seeing an
ad you're scrolling away on your mobile
your pc or whatever
and you see the the additives for the
e-book come up in your feed
um but i'd love to know your your
thoughts on the difference between the
two
because i know facebook can be a lot
cheaper when it comes to driving the
leads whereas google ads
you can be talking as much as several
quid several pounds several dollars
per click alone that's before you even
get to to actually convert them into a
lead
so um love to know your thoughts there
jason and i think you touched on it a
bit
bit just now in terms of there's there's
not necessarily one silver bullet
that's a very good point there and
thanks for raising it so obviously
facebook in its nature it's a social
media platform
so you can imagine people are sitting on
their sofa watching tv they've got
netflix on in the background
and they're scrolling through you know
the intent is
i'll admit you know far less than some
other platforms
but reminding yourself of why you're
using this particular platform and what
the goal is here
is step one is to generate data and an
audience is to start getting
a definite verified audience which we
can call
a source list if you like that we can
then feed into other platforms so
google ads and youtube they can be a bit
more expensive depending on what
keywords you're trying to target
you said they're obviously three pound
per click i've even seen clicks costing
72 pound on some keywords which is
absolutely unsustainable but it is out
there and there is a market for it
um yeah so social media marketing it's a
very different beast to
search engine marketing to google ads to
your bing
advertising but it has its benefits so
as long as you're looking at it as a
part of your marketing puzzle and a part
of your process and a complimentary bit
of your flywheel
you know you've got to have multiple
plates spinning because you could spend
years trying to perfect your facebook
campaigns and when your competitor in
one day
one week one month just nails it because
they've got the flexibility to try out
different platforms to see what works
you know there is no one silver bullet
you could have two identical companies
one in the east of country one in the
west you could run
identical adverts for them because the
cultural difference is because so many
little
tiny differences one advert and one
company might
might fly and work really well and the
other company the other side of the
country it might just flop
and then again you've got to look into
the data we ran identical ads let's say
it's not something we do we don't kind
of copy ads like that but as an example
here for the conversation's sake
um it's quite telling you know there is
no one glove fits all there's not just
an ad template that works for every
company
i see a lot of people advertising on
facebook these days you know
download our top 50 ad templates which
means to me
everyone's going to be using the same ad
templates um but yeah i think
when you're using multiple platforms if
for example you generate a cheap
audience on facebook
you then put a look-alike audience of
that into google ads
from step one you're not targeting
keywords you're targeting people
that have an interest and and that's
where it gets really interesting and
that's how you bring your cost down
yeah got it okay so with that in mind
we have built our lead magnet we've
built perhaps our guide
we've done some research and we i guess
we're starting to collect some some
customer data
um how do we need to go about this i
know you touched on
following up and you mentioned perhaps
email campaigns but perhaps you could
give us some examples of what that
really looks like so
from someone giving us their name their
email
and downloading this guide what are some
of the next steps we need to think about
in terms of initial follow-up when can
that then become
more of a let's call a marketing
qualified lead so it's just
an early stages top of funnel stuff to a
sales qualified lead and they're ready
to speak to sales they're ready to kind
of go
through the process closer to getting
the deal over the line
and that yeah very well highlighted so i
think the nurturing process that's where
this that comes into it
you have to nurture leads it's not just
a get a fish on the hook and then
everything's going to be hunky-dory so
email might not even work you know your
emails might just be going into their
spam folder so
between sending a carrier pigeon or a
raven and knocking on that door
obviously we don't do those things
you know you you can access people
through data these days you can
re-target them
on a different platform and it's it's
done it to all of us you know maybe you
hear a friend
talking about dog foods or something
like that and then you go on facebook
you see an advert
about dog food you know this is the
world we live in it's very instant it's
very quick
and i think the the marketing qualified
lead to sales qualified lead
as long as there's a very diligent
considered process that's also flexible
so you can chop and change
and find out what worked for you um you
know you can keep testing and a b
testing until you find that magic bullet
um and you can rinse and repeat
once you find it yeah and
and to really drill down here jason
there's a reason you're pushing facebook
so much as opposed to other campaigns as
you mentioned is
is that purely because the cost per
acquisition the cost to generate these
these leads these downloads of our
guides this lead magnet we're putting
out is it just a lot cheaper
compared to other other options on the
market i mean
the whole concept of the look-alike
audience it's not a new concept per se
but facebook are very much capitalized
on it so facebook are very big on
here's our very limited targeting you
can use let's say you're a boiler
company
see you've got two options maybe three
you can hit people with an interest in
central heating
with an interest in home improvements or
getting colder or with an interest in
the word boiler
out of those three things you're not
getting a really hot audience to work
with so
when you start to upload let's take your
customers as an example
you upload your customers as a source
list and you make a look-alike audience
of that
when you're using facebook it kind of it
doesn't matter what platform you're on i
suppose it matters how
easy that platform might be to use some
people might prefer the way google do it
some people might prefer the way
youtube's ad platform works um for us
personally
it's very quick it's very accessible the
review process is quick we can get
adverts live quite quick
and we can experiment on scale so
we can test a lot of different things
see see what works where
you know it's got to be cheap to be
experimental you can't tell a client oh
yeah we're just going to
take your monthly budget of 5 or 10
grand and we're just going to experiment
it's not what they want to hear it's not
going to go down well but behind the
scenes you do need to have a bit of a
budget to experiment
it's experimental in its nature so i
think um
yeah facebook's great for us as is
google ads but
it's what works best for you um i guess
we use facebook because of a lot of the
industries we work with
their clients are on facebook so that's
particularly why we we talk
quite a lot about it sure sure
um yes we've covered some good good
basics in terms of the guide in terms of
building the ads in terms of
putting it out in terms of then
nurturing the
the leads are there any other elements
that we need to consider that we've not
yet touched on
jason for example when we're actually
sending the
ads to the perhaps a landing page that
might
um enable people to to download the
guide in terms of other ways that we
should be following up on the leads and
perhaps we can get into in a sec
talking about when when it's when it's
time to call it quits or when it's time
to rejig our campaign
perhaps we can ease into that yeah of
course i mean we're very big on
add value first you know give give
people all the knowledge
and and make it inbound so um
the reason we choose like an ebook for
example you know you're giving a lot of
value there to people you're making
yourself an authority just through this
first transactional
transactional moment and and we're very
big on that you know
lead gen can flop very quickly and we've
seen it so many times if
the process is call them the very second
we get the leads
and then hound them for a sale you know
the sales process i feel has changed a
lot
as the digital world has kind of
encroached more in people's lives
so it's not all about you know get on
the phone and try and close the deal and
maybe knock 10 pound off it maybe knock
50 pound off it or whatever you're
dealing with
it's more about adding value these days
because if you're not doing that your
competitors certainly will be
and that's where you've got to capture
people you know if you're adding value
to people let's say
they don't convert in your first
conversation that's not a loss and
that's not a dead
lead that's just an opportunity it
didn't work there you've got to find the
right way into their heads the right way
into their business and the right way
fundamentally to add value to them and
another another side of this we're very
big on there's no point in justice
for anyone that's thinking for anyone
that's thinking adding value
sounds great how how what can i do that
what what does that actually look like
from the conversation that we're talking
about are there any any examples you
could perhaps share with us
yeah so you know you could record a
personal video just
really trying to connect with them
saying look i'm i'm here to literally
talk to you
and i want to see your business ranking
number one for this term or
you know share the information with
people show them exactly what you might
propose to do
even show them how they might do it
themselves um
because the likelihood is they'll come
to you as the expert as the authority
if not you've definitely imprinted
yourself in someone's mind for them to
come and talk to you at a later date
and you know there's so many things you
can do you can offer to write a bit of
content for someone just to show them
how
that might benefit their business
offering them resources and tools you
know here's an article we've written
about
your typical lead generation funnel and
you know here you go jblogs
if you follow these three steps you can
implement this in your business today
tomorrow
you know giving that kind of value to
people um
it works a treat as opposed to just cold
selling to people
yeah so offering some free resources it
sounds like whether that's videos
whether that's articles whether that's
something else just
uh i guess just say look i'm here to
help here's here's something we put
together that might be of use to you
um rather than because again these these
leads aren't going to be dead hot i
suppose
they've just downloaded a guide so
giving them that building that trust
over time giving them some useful tools
some useful goodies some useful
resources
to eventually lead them through to to
the sale point
that's it and it's all about value you
know it's a transaction at the end of
the day
if they haven't said yes to your
ultimate goal which is to turn them into
a customer
you know and they're still listening to
your message there's still an
opportunity here so
that's the very nature of keeping people
close keeping them in your circle
you know keeping them close to your
brand so that you still stand a chance
converting them
conversion windows as well you know is
is it a seven-day conversion window that
you've got in your company is it a
28-day
for example if you're selling cars
people don't buy a car
um you know sporadically and randomly
spontaneously at the moment
there's maybe a six to 12 month
conversion window on
car sales so you've got to think about
your product
or your service offering how that fits
into people's lives
why they should choose you compared to
your competitor
and then amongst all this it needs to be
knitted and glued together with value
you know
and when you start thinking like that
there's so much you can do for people
there's
so much you can offer is by unlocking
these conversations
by getting them talking about their
business and you know which isn't
something people actually get a chance
to do much to be honest we experience
that a lot people don't get a chance to
talk about their business like we might
explore their business with them
you know what are your goals these kinds
of questions um
and yeah value value value very big nice
nice
so let's say we're doing all these
things we're following the best
practices
um two two things really when do we know
if a campaign needs to be knocked on the
head and perhaps we need to
try another channel whether that's
changing our ads whether that's changing
our guide
whether that's moving to a completely
different platform by going off facebook
and moving to google ads or
something else um perhaps we'll have
that as a first point
on your thoughts on that jason i think
the fundamental you know
if if if you're gonna spend a pound you
need to make two pound back otherwise
there's no point in you having ran that
campaign and it's quite a big saying
i think it must be american but they say
yeah if you spend a dollar and make a
dollar
you know you'll be all right for the
rest of your life it's a good way to
think about it but
drilling down into that further you know
what's the return on investment and this
will all be kind of
discovered in the in your early
framework discussions and your
exploratory call
what's the reason for these sales you
know what's your sales margin
you know how many people do you need to
sit in front of to make a sale so what's
your
cost per lead to cost per sale ratio um
there's a bigger picture to consider
here can you just remind me of the
question actually sam i've got so many
little notes
yeah yeah so i was just asking is is
there a time where we should knock a
campaign on the head
and perhaps either rework our strategy
or even look to move to another ad
channel whether that's email whether
that's google ads or stepping off
facebook or whatever that may be
back in the room sorry about that um so
return on ad spend you know your your
row us
ultimately is a very good way of
measuring if something's working
so let's say your average sales price is
five grand but you've spent five grand
to make one
sale you're not making money it's not
sustainable
and while you have made a sale you've
not made any profit you've cancelled the
sale out and the revenue out just by
getting that sale
so you start to look at return on ad
spend how how much have we spent and how
much we're gaining from it
and i mean there's campaigns we run that
we can try our hardest sometimes and
just cannot help someone
i think to be upfront about that when
you're looking at the return on ad spend
being open with people and saying look
now we've spent a thousand
and nothing's happening obviously you
wouldn't want to get to a thousand
pounds depending what they're
what we're trying to achieve here there
are some big ticket industries
um but yeah you've got you've got to
have your end goals in mind and if if
you're spending money and not
even scratching the surface of a return
on investment that's a very big
indication
that you need to move platform or that
this platform might not be working for
your business
yeah and i guess it's all about keeping
a tight handle on what's going on
making sure you're measuring things
properly right and just keeping a grip
on what's going on with the campaign
whether you're doing it yourself
or whether you have got a company or a
professional to help you out with it
so on the other end on the flip side of
that
what if a campaign's going really well
and we're seeing a lot of leads come
through are there any ways we can
actually
look to lower our cost per lead so lower
our marketing spend
yet keep the leads flowing or do we just
stay content
should we just think oh everything's
working well now we shouldn't try and
tweak it because it's all good
so you've always got to be in the
driving seat with your ad campaigns
there's a very realistic thing you come
up against quite quickly
and that's advert fatigue um and there's
something else i'll talk about which is
uh
creating a source list of all your
verified leads
and excluding them from your targeting
so
both of these things lower your your ad
spend i mean you don't want overlap
let's say for example someone's already
purchased from you and you keep showing
them the same advert same advert because
you haven't geared up your ads platform
to say look these are leads that have
been generated now feed that back in and
exclude these people from that campaign
firstly it's going to dilute your
message and make them think a bit of a
plonker
um and secondly you're wasting money
you're showing adverts to people that
have already purchased from you
that now therefore don't have an
interest in this part of your funnel
um so your ad spend you know you're
wasting it and you know
it's working out which money you are
wasting and retargeting that into things
that do work
um and getting back on the experimental
wagon if you need to to find out what
does work
uh that ultimately keeps your costs down
so refreshing your adverts frequently
um chopping and changing different
colors different
uh text copy and so on and so forth but
yeah when an advert
is running well it is gonna decline it's
guaranteed almost
they they don't just kind of
exponentially keep increasing
there's a peak and then they'll go down
if you don't do the right things
got it well um jace really appreciate
you running everything through my friend
you've given us a good
snapshot of how we can utilize lead
magnets
to get those topper funnel leads and
then work them through nurture them on
to eventually becoming a closed
closed piece of business or a closed
deal are there any other things that we
need to bear in mind
before we go out and we we tell tell our
our agency or we start digging out
ourselves and start building our own
lead magnets so is there any other
final notes that we should bear in mind
i think it's getting your
you know getting your values right not
not getting in stuff to
look at it as a get rich quick scheme
there is no such thing
looking at the long-term effects of this
um which then you start to move into
your seo positioning which i know
you're very good at particularly sam um
but you know
break down your process analyze your
process never assume you're an expert
and that you know it all
always try new things always try new
platforms try new trends
you know be quirky be experimental
because when you stop doing that
you lose the ability to uh you know find
new avenues that do work for you
um and when you when you do sit on your
laurels everything's gonna go wrong so
you know attract engage and delight
people when you when you reduce it down
to those three things
you know what what are you doing to
attract people is that ads is it videos
are you writing content are you using
social media
have you got a content strategy phase
two how are you engaging with people
have you got automation and a crm are
you doing email marketing how are you
managing leads there's a bunch of
questions on this phase as well
and finally just to wrap it up how are
you delighting people you know do you
ask for customer reviews
do you offer people 10 off if they come
back and buy again
did you capture their birthday when they
signed up as a lead can you wish them a
happy birthday when the birthday comes
around
no there's so so many things to discuss
but i think fundamentally
attract engage delight and refine your
processes
and you know refine yourself keep keep
fresh basically
beautiful and on that sir i don't know
i'd like to thank you very much for
coming on jason hugely valuable episode
so really appreciate your time sir
and um for anyone that would like to
learn more about
jason would like to learn more about
your company lead genera
what is the best way to connect with you
and to get in touch
get on our website uh drop us an email
support lead genera.com
um you know we'd love to hear from you
so feel free to call
drop my website drop us an email send us
a raven if you can train it to
to get in touch with us do whatever you
need to but um it'd certainly be good to
talk to people
nice one dude we'll put all of those
links over on the show notes over at
businessgrowth.marketing
want to thank you once again jason
appreciate you coming on thank you sam
i'll see you soon
cheers and if you enjoyed the show be
sure to hit subscribe for whatever the
heck you get your podcast from
business growth show available on all
your major podcast channels we interview
business leaders each and every week to
provide
actionable tips across marketing across
sales all the goal to help you grow your
business and increase your revenue
and with that we should catch you on the
next episode